Docs: add instructions for publishing to JFrog's Artifactory (#14253)
astral-sh/uv: docs/guides/integration/alternative-indexes.md

before uploading artifacts.

## JFrog Artifactory

uv can install packages from JFrog Artifactory, either by using a username and password or a JWT
token.

To use it, add the index to your project:

```toml title="pyproject.toml"
[[tool.uv.index]]
name = "private-registry"
url = "https://<organization>.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/pypi/<repository>/simple"
```

### Authenticate with username and password

```console
$ export UV_INDEX_PRIVATE_REGISTRY_USERNAME="<username>"
$ export UV_INDEX_PRIVATE_REGISTRY_PASSWORD="<password>"
```

### Authenticate with JWT token

```console
$ export UV_INDEX_PRIVATE_REGISTRY_USERNAME=""
$ export UV_INDEX_PRIVATE_REGISTRY_PASSWORD="$JFROG_JWT_TOKEN"
```

!!! note

    Replace `PRIVATE_REGISTRY` in the environment variable names with the actual index name defined in your `pyproject.toml`.

### Publishing packages to JFrog Artifactory

Add a `publish-url` to your index definition:

```toml title="pyproject.toml"
[[tool.uv.index]]
name = "private-registry"
url = "https://<organization>.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/pypi/<repository>/simple"
publish-url = "https://<organization>.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/pypi/<repository>"
```

> If you use the `-t "$JFROG_TOKEN"` parameter with JFrog, you will receive a 401 Unauthorized error
> if the username is incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! important

    If you use `--token "$JFROG_TOKEN"` or `UV_PUBLISH_TOKEN` with JFrog, you will receive a
    401 Unauthorized error as JFrog requires an empty username but uv passes `__token__` for as
    the username when `--token` is used.
```

To authenticate, pass your token as the password and set the username to an empty string:

```console
$ uv publish --index <index_name> -u "" -p "$JFROG_TOKEN"
```

Alternatively, you can set environment variables:

```console
$ export UV_PUBLISH_USERNAME=""

> $ export UV_PUBLISH_PASSWORD="$JFROG_TOKEN"

Reviewer: Does this work with `UV_PUBLISH_TOKEN`? Do they just ignore the username?

Reviewer: Ah I see this is mentioned above. Maybe we can elevate that? https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/14253/files#r2175124341

Author: This `uv publish -t "$JFROG_TOKEN"` does not work. Thats the reason why I see need for extending docs here.
